docs: migrate 'snapcraft.yaml' (#5466)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/reference/project-file/index.rst

Project file

> ============

Reviewer: I think this information suits the landing page well :+1:

Every snap project depends on a file called :ref:`reference-snapcraft-yaml` which
instructs Snapcraft how to build the snap.

This project file is written in `YAML <https://yaml.org/>`_ and can be located in
any of the following locations in the root directory of the project where Snapcraft
is run:

* ``snapcraft.yaml``
* ``snap/snapcraft.yaml``
* ``.snapcraft.yaml``
* ``build-aux/snap/snapcraft.yaml``

> The project file is organised into three main sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project file is organized into three main sections:
```

> * Top-level directives and information about the snap, which describe its base
>   properties and publication details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Top-level directives, which provide information about the snap and describe its base
  properties and publication details.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5466/commits/efd4c4a8f89ce5be26397f25ecc9b702f453c143

* App directives, which describe the execution, interfaces, and resources available
  to each app in the snap.
* Part directives, which describe how to import and build the apps inside the snap.

> You can create a project file manually or you can run the init command to create a
> basic template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a project file manually or by running the ``init`` command, which
creates a basic template:
```

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```
